Hcd329 s3 (#1)
pratik5156/kafka-connect-storage-cloud: README.md

- Source Code: https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-storage-cloud
- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-storage-cloud/issues

# Running Integration Tests

> In order to run integration tests, AWS credential of the bucket owner and an addition user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run integration tests, configure AWS credential of the bucket owner and an additional user as environment variables.
```

Reviewer 2: done

Add the following Environmental variables :

SECONDARY_USER_ACCOUNT_ID=********;
SECONDARY_USER_ACCESS_KEY_ID=********;
SECONDARY_USER_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=********;
ROOT_USER_ACCESS_KEY_ID=********;

> ROOT_USER_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=********;

Reviewer: Surround these with 3 back-ticks(`) to make them render at code snippet in individual lines. Currently, they are all in the same line.

Reviewer: Also, since we this is something exclusive to S3 tests, let's mention it on S3 Readme.
Also, the path in the javadocs mentioned in IT have to be changed -> `/kafka-connect-s3/REAMDE.md`

Reviewer 2: > Surround these with 3 back-ticks(`) to make them render at code snippet in individual lines. Currently, they are all in the same line.

done
